Goals Completed:

1. Initially, Stephen rated the interview with Michael J. Fox a 3, but in retrospect, it actually wasn't that bad! As a user, I should be able to edit an appearance so that I can change a rating. Build out the edit functionality for an appearance, keeping with RESTful conventions.
-> added edit form route, controller actions (:edit,:update), and view page

2. We want to add some more validations to our models - an appearance should only be valid if it has a rating on it that's between 1 and 5.
-> added inclusion within 1..5 validation to appearance model

3. When we create a new appearance, we should also keep track of the producer who booked that appearance. This means that an appearance should also belong to a user. Update your schema, models, and forms to reflect this.
-> added a new migration to add a user reference to the appearances table
-> changed the user model and appearance model to account for this new relationship
-> added the option to select a user as a producer in the new_appearance_path (assuming that a producer/"user" can create an appearance for a guest on behalf of another producer, and so should be able to select which user is that guest's producer)


Thanks for looking at my code challenge. Besides the required goals completed above, I also added a few other modifications to improve the app:
1. Added alert messages if an update or create post function did not save correctly.
2. Added a form partial for new appearances view pages.
3. Added a "producer" alias to the user class for appearances. You can now call @appearance.producer, and get the "producer" who booked that appearance.
4. Added information on appearances by guests on Episode show pages, and a link to edit any guest's appearance (can only edit rating).
5. Added all of a guest's appearances on the guest's show page, along with links to edit those appearances' ratings and to go to that episode's show page
6. Cleaned up the new appearances form so that it has labels and line breaks for different fields
7. Added nested resource for the appearances new route, so that an episode show page can have a link to a new appearance, and the episode is autofilled with the episode the link was clicked from
